Create isnan.md (#1081)
Codecademy/docs: content/cpp/concepts/math-functions/terms/isnan/isnan.md

---
Title: 'isnan()'

> Description: 'returns non-zero value (true) if value in parameter is a NaN value; and zero (false) otherwise.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a number telling whether a given value is a NaN value.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Arithmetic'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-plus-plus'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`isnan()`**  returns non-zero value (true) if value in parameter is a `NaN` value; and zero (false) otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`isnan()`** function returns a number telling whether a given value is a `NaN` value.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo

> bool isnan(float x);  
> bool isnan(double x);  
> bool isnan(long double x);  
> bool isnan(integral x);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
isnan(x)
```

I would keep the Syntax \```pseudo to 1-2 lines in most cases.

```

> It returns 1 if x is `NaN`, otherwise it returns 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The `x` parameter is a floating-point value that can be of type `float`, `double`, `long double`, or `int`. The return value is 1 if `x` is `NaN`. Otherwise, 0 is returned.
```

## Example

Below code is the example of the `isnan()` function checking if the value of `x` is `NaN` or not.

```cpp
#include <iostream>  
#include<math.h>  
using namespace std;  

> int main()  
> {  
>     float x=0.0/0.0;  
>     cout<<"value of x is : "<<x<<'\n';  
>     cout<<"isnan(x) : "<<isnan(x);  
>     return 0;  
> }  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

int main()  {
  float x=0.0/0.0;  
  cout << "value of x is : " << x << '\n';  
  cout << "isnan(x) : " << isnan(x);  
  return 0;  
}  
```

```

> This example results in the following output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This produces the following output:
```

---
Title: 'isnan()'
Description: 'returns non-zero value (true) if value in parameter is a NaN value; and zero (false) otherwise.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Arithmetic'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-plus-plus'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`isnan()`**  returns non-zero value (true) if value in parameter is a NaN value; and zero (false) otherwise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`isnan()`**  returns non-zero value (true) if value in parameter is a `NaN` value; and zero (false) otherwise.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
bool isnan(float x);  
bool isnan(double x);  
bool isnan(long double x);  
bool isnan(integral x);
```

> It returns 1, if x is NAN otherwise 0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It returns 1 if x is `NaN`, otherwise it returns 0.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Example

> Below code is the example of isnan() function in c++ checking the value of 'x' is NaN or not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below code is the example of the `isnan()` function checking if the value of `x` is `NaN` or not.
```

---
Title: 'isnan()'
Description: 'returns non-zero value (true) if value in parameter is a NaN value; and zero (false) otherwise.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Arithmetic'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-plus-plus'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`isnan()`**  returns non-zero value (true) if value in parameter is a NaN value; and zero (false) otherwise.

## Syntax

```pseudo
bool isnan(float x);  
bool isnan(double x);  
bool isnan(long double x);  
bool isnan(integral x);
```

> ## Return Value

Reviewer 2: Remove this header and include the sentence about the return value after the `pseudo` block without enclosing it in a code block.

```
It returns 1, if x is NAN otherwise 0.
```

## Example

> 

Reviewer 2: Introduce the example with a sentence describing what the example does.

```cpp
#include <iostream>  
#include<math.h>  
using namespace std;  
int main()  
{  
    float x=0.0/0.0;  
    cout<<"value of x is : "<<x<<'\n';  
    cout<<"isnan(x) : "<<isnan(x);  
    return 0;  
}  
```

> ## Output

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example results in the following output:
```
